README.md, before:

# Osu-Mp3-Extractor

Hi Everyone i was wondering if i could listen to some beats i had inside osu! in my phone, so i started to copy the files straight into it manually. Of course i got away with the awful Unicode Titles ex: (). and artists ex: (). So i made this program in C# wich allows you to select from your entire map collection. The maps you want will be correctly copied and exported with the original title and artist that are written in ASCII.

## Getting Started

If you are here for the simplified release version in .exe format you can download it here:
https://github.com/EnanoFurtivo/Osu-Mp3-Extractor/raw/master/Release.rar

- Just extract the Release folder and run the program.

- Make sure you have installed .NET framework. If you dont have it you can find it over on Prerequisites below.

### Prerequisites

Have in mind that you NEED .net framework since this is C# code. You can find it here:
https://www.microsoft.com/net/download/dotnet-framework-runtime

Also you'll need any decompresion program like winRar or 7zip to decompress the proyect.

### Installing

If you want to use the portable version:

- Just extract the Release folder and run the program.

If your trying to use the full proyect:

- Just open the Osu-Mp3-Extractor.sln file in visual studio [preferably 2017]

- Then include TagLib-sharp library via nuget [or other ways] to the proyect

- Done!

## Built With

* [Visual Studio 2017](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/)
* [TagLib Library](https://taglib.org/)

## License

This project is licensed under the GPL-3.0 License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

Commit message:

Updated README witn some of the features

README.md, after:

# Osu-Mp3-Extractor

Hi Everyone i was wondering if i could listen to some beats i had inside osu! in my phone, so i started to copy the files straight into it manually. Of course i got away with the awful Unicode Titles ex: (). and artists ex: (). So i made this program in C# wich allows you to select from your entire map collection. The maps you want will be correctly copied and exported with the original title and artist that are written in ASCII.

## Getting Started

If you are here for the simplified release version in .exe format you can download it here:
https://github.com/EnanoFurtivo/Osu-Mp3-Extractor/raw/master/Release.rar

- Just extract the Release folder and run the program.

- Make sure you have installed .NET framework. If you dont have it you can find it over on Prerequisites below.

### Prerequisites

Have in mind that you NEED .net framework since this is C# code. You can find it here:
https://www.microsoft.com/net/download/dotnet-framework-runtime

Also you'll need any decompresion program like winRar or 7zip to decompress the proyect.

### Installing

If you want to use the portable version:

- Just extract the Release folder and run the program.

If your trying to use the full proyect:

- Just open the Osu-Mp3-Extractor.sln file in visual studio [preferably 2017]

- Then include TagLib-sharp library via nuget [or other ways] to the proyect

- Done!

## Features

- Song Title and artist are embeed into the mp3 files as a Tag so that you can easly find the songs by filtering. Mind you this feature was added using Regular Expresions allowing the program to be easly updated with the Parameters to filter in case peppy decides to change how .osu files formatting works.

- Thumbnails of the osu beatmap are also embeed into the mp3 as a tag so you have those when using a player that supports it.

- You can filter songs by Title, Artist, or Map creator inside the program so you dont choose that damn R3MusicBox version. 

- Also the duration of the song is displayed so that you dont choose that damn 15 minute version you had laying arround.

- And if your not sure enough its the beatmap you want in case you have 3 Million versions of the same map, the thumbnail is displayed in real time.

## Built With

* [Visual Studio 2017](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/)
* [TagLib Library](https://taglib.org/)

## License

This project is licensed under the GPL-3.0 License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details
